Boss.
Big brother of my parents means me.
If you really have a way
You save our house, I'm only two steps away.
Young Master Tang, for the sake of our two families.
And please do not do anything else to save me Qin family and water fire.
Oh, I don't know feng shui.
How to clean?
Young master, don't dive this grass.
It's better to save a life than building a seven-story building.
Hey, what's in your pocket?
What the hell?
Oh, that's embarrassing.
Ta Long Tou Son Thien
Compared to the Tang Dynasty, this morality is much worse.
When I returned to the mountain.
We have to practice for another 20 years.
No, you're lucky you're here today.
Otherwise my husband's family will die.
Grace doesn't say thank you.
If you weren't engaged to me.
It's not.
This plot is not true.
Your Bear King
How to call my face hit is king?
Let s take a look at what the Dragon Kingdom s mouth looks like.
Dao Li, this.